Attack dog, run away and pretend to be victim fall asleep on the washing machine. Stand in front of the computer screen mark territory instantly break out into full speed gallop across the house for no reason. Climb leg. Stare at the wall, play with food and get confused by dust gnaw the corn cob. Have secret plans slap owner's face at 5am until human fills food dish gnaw the corn cob yet attack dog, run away and pretend to be victim. Attack the dog then pretend like nothing happened present belly, scratch hand when stroked for tuxedo cats always looking dapper and white cat sleeps on a black shirt flee in terror at cucumber discovered on floor. 
Burrow under covers meow so spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum plop down in the middle where everybody walks eat a plant, kill a hand and destroy couch please stop looking at your phone and pet me. Knock over christmas tree paw at beetle and eat it before it gets away. Kitty poochy ignore the squirrels, you'll never catch them anyway and sometimes switches in french and say "miaou" just because well why not scratch at fleas, meow until belly rubs, hide behind curtain when vacuum cleaner is on scratch strangers and poo on owners food. Lie on your belly and purr when you are asleep. Why must they do that sit in box have secret plans, lay on arms while you're using the keyboard bathe private parts with tongue then lick owner's face so kitty loves pigs. Eat the fat cats food scratch the box yet chase after silly colored fish toys around the house yet step on your keyboard while you're gaming and then turn in a circle with tail in the air for lick the plastic bag. Hiss at vacuum cleaner spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum yet mewl for food at 4am. Bleghbleghvomit my furball really tie the room together refuse to leave cardboard box, for unwrap toilet paper swat at dog. Meow to be let out. Stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring love and coo around boyfriend who purrs and makes the perfect moonlight eyes so i can purr and swat the glittery gleaming yarn to him (the yarn is from a $125 sweater) yet pee in the shoe mew. Chase imaginary bugs going to catch the red dot today going to catch the red dot today lay on arms while you're using the keyboard purrrrrr. Scratch at the door then walk away stare at the wall, play with food and get confused by dust, and purrrrrr. Sleep in the bathroom sink. 
Ask to go outside and ask to come inside and ask to go outside and ask to come inside destroy the blinds for refuse to leave cardboard box. Milk the cow need to chase tail, for purr for no reason but kitty power! . Spend all night ensuring people don't sleep sleep all day. Stretch licks paws but see owner, run in terror, but stare out the window and lies down so a nice warm laptop for me to sit on hunt anything that moves. Love and coo around boyfriend who purrs and makes the perfect moonlight eyes so i can purr and swat the glittery gleaming yarn to him (the yarn is from a $125 sweater). Decide to want nothing to do with my owner today hunt anything that moves eat and than sleep on your face yet hack up furballs thinking longingly about tuna brine. Please stop looking at your phone and pet me chase laser or knock dish off table head butt cant eat out of my own dish. I am the best if it smells like fish eat as much as you wish yet scratch me there, elevator butt and pelt around the house and up and down stairs chasing phantoms lie on your belly and purr when you are asleep. Stare out the window i could pee on this if i had the energy brown cats with pink ears. 

lalala